>> This week on Gaia.
On a new "Art of Letting
Go with Sah D'Simone"--
>> Today's class is making
friends with this comfort.
Woo, this is a big topic.
>> On "Channeling-- A
Bridge to the Beyond"--
>> There was this idea that
information in the form
of light came through
the pineal gland.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory"--
>> It may not be necessarily
a question of the types
of technology because it may be
more about a deep understanding
of nature and about the
laws of physics and reality.
>> On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith"--
>> And I saw this little white
little disk thing moving like
[WHOOSHING] and it was
followed by two military jets.
>> On "The Awakening
Conference"--
>> Stonehenge is the premiere
megalithic site in ancient
Britain.
>> New documentary.
>> They say about a third
of what the trees get from
the sun, they pass on right
to as food to the fungi.
>> On "The Other Side"--
>> The process for everybody
is obviously different,
and that process unlocks all
sorts of magical evolutions
and teachings and learnings.
>> Only on Gaia.